taglineEnter the World of Pandora."At the end of the world, the adventure begins."A Plan No One EscapesThe Legend Ends"Lost in our world, found in another."The battle within.They're taking adventure to new lengths.A New Age Has Come.Dark Secrets RevealedJustice or revenge"For love, for hate, for justice, for revenge."Jack is back!You will believe that a man can fly.Hope has a new face.Some assembly required.Live Forever Or Die Trying.They are back... in time.Witness the defining chapter of the Middle-Earth sagaThe untold story begins."Rise and rise again, until lambs become lions."Beyond darkness... beyond desolation... lies the greatest danger of all.There are worlds beyond our own - the compass will show the way.The eighth wonder of the world.Nothing on Earth could come between them.Divided We FallThe Battle for Earth Begins at SeaThe park is open.Think on your sins.There's a hero in all of us.Unleash the power behind the armor.You're invited to a very important date.Take a StandSchool never looked this scary.Revenge is coming.This is not war. It's extinction."In Oz, nothing is what it seems"No more secrets.The Game Has Changed.Ka-ciao!"In our darkest hour, there will be light."No toy gets left behind.The End Begins.Vengeance Hits HomeRemember Philly!"To save the future, they must alter the past"Earth Will FallPrepare for a giant adventureReserving judgments is a matter of infinite hope... I come to the admission that it has a limit.Defy the Future"To Fight Monsters, We Created Monsters"The invasion we always feared. An enemy we never expected.The adventure continues . . .Little Arms With Big AttitudeChange your fate.An adventure beyond the ordinar-E.The Rush Is On!We Were Warned.Season's GreedingsExpand your universe.Human. Nature.Evil Has Reigned For 100 Years...Only the strong will surviveWhy So Serious?"When aliens attack, monsters fight back."Heroes aren't born. They're built.One of the most legendary directors of our time takes you on an extraordinary adventure.It's a whole new west.A New Evil Awakens.Worst Heroes EverA comedy of biblical proportions"Live, Die, Repeat"Beyond the horizon lies the secret to a new beginning."When all else fails, they don't."Meet the little voices inside your head."It's not the armor that makes the hero, but the man inside."The Fairytale is OverDon't believe the fairy tale.One last chance for peace.For courage. For loyalty. For honor.In heroes we trust.It ain't Ogre... Til it's OgreImagine a world where nothing is impossible.From the creators of Wreck-it Ralph and FrozenThe story of a regular guy just looking for a little wreck-ognition.This holiday season... believe.We had twenty years to prepare. So did they.One adventure will change two worldsThe Machines Will Rise.All heroes start somewhere.Mankind was born on Earth. It was never meant to die here.Your mind is the scene of the crime.From the smallest beginnings come the greatest legends.Live life 1/4 mile at a time."Life isn't measured in minutes, but in moments."Witness the moment that will change our world.The fire will burn forever.It's The Coolest Job Ever.MaydayIt's time for a little madness.Who's ready for Thirds?Two worlds. One home.Reset the futureReturn to magic. Return to hope. Return to Narnia.It takes a moment to change history. It takes love to change lives.Their war. Our world.The greatest legend of all was real.Evil Must Be Confronted.Dark And Difficult Times Lie Ahead.Bad Behavior. Bad Attitude. Real Hero.The last man on Earth is not aloneWilly Wonka is semi-sweet and nuts.He's dying to become a chef.Evil fears the knight.Still together. Still lost!When the lights go off the battle is on.Witness the Origin.Everything that has a beginning has an end.Only the act of true love will thaw a frozen heart.Free your mind.Delve into the darknessWhat a Lovely Day.Two worlds. One hero.Fully Awesome. Ridonculous. Let It Begin.The world needs bigger heroesFeel the WrathEvery Family Has Its DemonsDesperate Times. Desperate Measures.Born to bee wild.Prepare for the Year of Awesomeness!"Four nations, one destiny"The Mission Begins 05:05:06.It will start like any other day.Every legend has a beginning.He's Leaving His Mark On HistoryFor passion. For honor. For destiny. For victory. For love."Six years ago, they disappeared without a trace. Next summer, they finally resurface."He‰Ûªs never been cooler.Who You Gonna Call?The Earth's Darkest Day Will Be Man's Finest HourSame Planet. New Scum.Evil breeds pain.Grab destiny by the rice dumplings.No Plan. No Backup. No Choice.You better believe.Giving big businesses a run for their money!"In the face of an enemy, in the heart of one man, lies the soul of a warrior.""Once brothers, now enemies."The future begins.With great power comes great responsibility.The training is over.The battle for eternity beginsJustice is coming to all of us.  No matter what we do.The faces you love. The action you expect.Unleash the hero withinDirk Pitt. Adventure has a new name.When patriots become heroesAs the countdown begins for the new millennium there is still one number you can always count on.The courage to do the impossible lies in the hearts of men.The epic finale that will live foreverEvery step counts.You'll like him when he's angry.The world is more giant than you can imagine."(n. One who has returned, as if from the dead.)"SLO NO MOHeroes come in all different colors.The Movie Event That Will Blow Their CoverRemember everything. Forgive nothing.Prepare for awesomeness.Heroes don't get any bigger.Every revolution begins with a spark.Worlds CollideThey're already here."If you can't stand the heat, get out of Miami."Live for danger. Fight for justice. Pray for mercy.Who is Salt?The end of the world is just the beginning."This year, discover how far adventure will take you."Something wicked this way comes."Danger is real, fear is a choice"You have never seen anything like this.One Final Night to Save the Day.His brain is off the chain.Let the Magic Begin.Prepare to be blown out of the water.Fire burns brighter in the darknessSeek the truth."He's villainous, she's venomous."The time has come for those who are different to stand united.Get the Fifth Gear.The game is afoot.Titans will clash."They stole his mind, now he wants it back."There Was Never Just OneStrength. Courage. Honor. And loyalty.He puts the mean in green.Where will you be?Expect the impossible again.The storm is coming.Discover the secret of the Surfer.Believe The UnbelievableHell Is About To Be UnleashedYou know his nameThis summer the Angels are back.The Search for Our Beginning Could Lead to Our End.A Little Goes A Long WayHe can save us all.All the power in the universe can't change destinyWe've got the future under control.Go!Every Hit Man Deserves a Second Shot!Earth is a memory worth fighting forThe saga is complete.A Jedi Shall Not Know Anger. Nor Hatred. Nor Love.We Scare Because We Care."When he's most vulnerable, he's most dangerous."Every generation has a legend. Every journey has a first step. Every saga has a beginning.Meet the first modern family.The story before Snow WhiteMysterious. Dangerous. Reptilious. You've never seen heroes like this.Don't Let GoThe pressure is building...Raise some shell.Change is coming.Where History Comes To Life"A rescue pilot survived an earthquake, this is what happens next"Yesterday is a memory. Today is history. Tomorrow is in the hands of one man.Some things are worth fighting for.Twelve is the new eleven.Smart and sexy.One Choice Can Destroy You"For some men, the sky was the limit. For him, it was just the beginning."Something big is going down.Breaking the Law to Protect It.Seize your glory!Smurf Happens.Bust a MooBreak the boundaries of your world"If you get one shot, make it real."Get ready to get naughty!"As the stakes get higher, the ride gets even faster."This is not a game.The old school cop is back!One ring to rule them allLaws are made to be broken."Be without fear in the face of your enemies. Safeguard the helpless, and do no wrong"The Little Family Just Got BiggerEvery Love Story Begins With a Kiss...Bring Him HomeYour time will come..."Ice Cold, Hot Wired."A Hero Will Rise.The system is perfect until it comes after you.Hogwarts is back in session.Everyone has a past. Every legend has a beginning.You'll be sorry you were ever born humanIt's nothing personal.America's Most Wanted.There are two sides to the American dream"When he said I do, he never said what he did."I can't get it out of my head. I'm gonna die today."Kids bring everyone closer, right?"When the cops are busy... Our only hope is...He will erase your past to protect your future."Life, liberty and the pursuit of vengeance."It's All About.....ME!Back for War.The greatest adventure history has ever revealed."As darkness falls, the last dragon will choose its rider."There's one in all of us.Discover a world beyond your imaginationIt all started when he met a womanPrepare for the end.It will cost you everything.EARN. SPEND. PARTY."Courage now, truth always..."The only good bug is a dead bug.Everything is ConnectedOn his way to finding a legend...he will become one."Before he was a legend, he was a man."Find your place in the universe.New team. New attitude. New mission.The only law that matters is gravityBased on the incredible true story that inspired Moby DickChief Warrant Officer Roy Miller is done following ordersThe story of an underdog. And his dog.The most powerful force on earth is about to be unleashed by the two people who should know better.America was born in the streets."In the coldest place on Earth, he's the hottest thing around."The wives of Stepford have a secret.Leave No Man Behind.May The Best Loser Win.There is no future without it.Carrie on."Manny, Diego, and Sid embark upon another adventure after their continent is set adrift."Midnight is just the beginning.The story of a life and everything that came after..."There are 3.7 trillion fish in the ocean, they're looking for one."The eye of the enemy is moving.A New Power Is Rising."When darkness falls, the son will rise. When the son falls, the dark knight will rise."Born into Wealth. Groomed by the Elite. Trained for Combat."Yesterday, Dr. Will Caster was only human...""This time, it's not just a walk in the park!"Evolution Becomes Revolution.Their World Is Closer Than You Think.Yippee Ki-Yay Mother Russia"No gut, no glory"Worlds CollideProtecting the Earth from the scum of the universe.The toys are back!"1,000,000 Tons. 100,000 Lives. 100 Minutes."Get ready for a second Rush!He was the perfect husband until his one mistake followed them home.Prepare to get served.You Won't Believe Your Ice!"Stop Dreaming, Start Living"Get Some ActionLies. Betrayal. Sacrifice. How far will you take it?"This time, the princess saves the prince."The movie they think they're making... isn't a movie anymore.Evil shall with evil be expelled.Think fast. Look alive. Die hard.Nothing escapes him.First to finish. Last to die.Atlantis is waiting...Fast & furry-ousMany saw evil. They dared to stop it.Lather. Rinse. Save the world.Game On."David is 11 years old. He weighs 60 pounds. He is 4 feet, 6 inches tall. He has brown hair. His love is real. But he is not."Check your pulse at the door... if you have one."If it's just us, it seems like an awful waste of space."What would you do if you knew you couldn't be seen?The truth needs no translation."Where There Are Gods, There Are Monsters."Adventuress Lara Croft goes on a quest to save the mythical Pandora's BoxYou Haven't Seen Anything YetNever reveal your name. Never turn your back. Never surrender your heart.It's not how you play the game. It's how the game plays you.1 out of every 8 Americans is afraid of flying. Most of them don't have feathers.One robot's 200 year journey to become an ordinary man."They come from different worlds. They fight for different causes. Now, two men from opposite sides of the law are about to go to war."One man's extraordinary fight to save the family he loved.The hopes of a nation rode on a long shot.The Dark Side of Nature."At the edge of the world, his journey begins."WARNING: May Cause Toe-Tapping.They should have left him alone.The fate of a nation rests on the courage of one man.Are you in or out?Every legend has a new beginning.Where monsters go to get away from it allThis fairytale princess is about to meet a real Prince CharmingNo one is safeMeet Two Unlikely Heroes With A Bone To Pick.Ordinary guys. An extraordinary robbery.It's Christmas Eve and we are going to go celebrate being young and being alive.It's not paranoia if they're really after you.First comes marriage. Then comes divorce. And then...What are the odds of getting even? 13 to one.One Fur All & All Fur OneWhat makes you different makes you dangerous.Some Men Are Born To Be Heroes.This isn't the movies anymore."My world is as forbidden as it is fragile; without its mysteries, it cannot survive.""On the streets of Tokyo, speed needs no translation..."Sooner or later everyone does.The Snow White legend comes alive.The Klumps are back!Get a ClueWhat If You Had A Remote... That Controlled Your Universe?Just like real spies... only furrier.anywhere is possible.Saving the world is a hell of a job.Are You Who You Think You AreIn Bruce we trustChoose Your Weapon.Expect the Impossible.May The Odds Be Ever In Your Favor.The Wolfpack Is Back"The Bat, the Cat, the Penguin."Taking back the neighborhood... One snack at a time.He's coming to our galaxy."Something unexpected, unbelievable, unforgettable."Heaven and Earth are about to collide."If you can't get out, get even."This holiday it's gonna get squeaky.Just because they're a little older doesn't mean they've grown up.Saving The World...And Loving It!Schmucks are people too.Someone is missing."His father, her mother, his mother and her father all in one day."You can shine no matter what you're made of."In order to catch him, he must become him."Whatever they dream up... he has to survive.Pray for Michael Sullivan.Sometimes a guy's best wingman... is a wingwomanThey were deadly on the ground; Now they have wingsDon't walk. Run.Find the strength. Find the courage. No matter what it takes... find the way home.Some will kill to have it. He will kill to protect it.Catch it if you can!Get ready to jam.12.12.08 is the Day the Earth Stood StillWhat if your most paranoid nightmares had just come true?War never ends quietly."After this week in paradise, they‰Ûªre going to need a vacation."Life's a Pic-A-NicLeader. Hero. Legend.Welcome to his jungle."Danger, Will Robinson!"This summer everything is under control.They're back to raise a little terrorThe greatest adventure THROUGH all time!Log On. Hack In. Go Anywhere. Get Everything.The original caped crusader is back!Eliminating Evil Since 1812.Nice planet. We'll take it!How do you save humanity when the only thing that's real is you?No air. No escape. No time.The Greatest Adventure in 70 Million YearsHunt forever.Adventure awaits in your own backyard.No warning. No escape.I need to believe that something extra ordinary is possible...Life's greatest adventure is finding your place in the Circle of Life.Believe the Impossible. Discover the Incredible.Something big was leftover.Before the Silence.Unbridled. Unbroken. Unbeaten.His twin sister is coming for the holidays... ...and it ain't pretty.How Fast Do You Want It?Growing up isn't the problem... forgetting is.Think this is what they do all day?The power of seven become a league of one.Back 2 WorkEarth. Take a good look. It might be your last.Something has survived.Someone's got a zoo loose.Evolution BeginsChoose your destiny.Alcatraz.  Only one man has ever broken out.  Now five million lives depend on two men breaking in.The Ice age is melting away.Imagine having to win over the girl of your dreams... every friggin' day.4 amazing magicians. 3 impossible heists. 1 billion dollars. This is no illusion.Boys will be boys. . . some longer than others.Life is waiting.The Mountain Will Decide.Based on a true story. You think we could make all this up?The story of what happens when one little fish tells a great white lie...One Dream Will Change EverythingEveryone is looking for the next big hitThe world was watching in 1972 as 11 Israeli athletes were murdered at the Munich Olympics. This is the story of what happened next.Perfect wife. Perfect target.Saving the world never goes out of style.The House is . . . ALIVE!Their greatest battle would be for her love.The Gods need a hero.Some things are only revealed by accident."Before Gru, they had a history of bad bosses"Believe everything except your eyes.Why so angry?This February True Love Takes a Dive.The story of a man who could only count to #1The doctor is in again.Every man dies. Not every man truly lives.Welcome to the suck.See our family. And feel better about yours.There is no turning backHe doesn't just talk to the animals!It‰Ûªs not like they didn‰Ûªt warn us.Once upon another time...Ahhh... it's got that new movie smell.Catch her if you can.A New Breed Of Secret Agent.He's leaving his world behind.Someone is going to pay.Once upon a time in Nazi occupied France...What if Peter Pan grew up?Die HarderYou're either S.W.A.T. or you're not."Forget everything you know, and open your eyes."Whoever wins... We loseThe Boys are back in town... and they have competition.400 U.S paratroopers. 4000 Vietnamese soldiers. 12 000 miles away from home. 1 man led them into battle.When our flag falls our nation will rise.The battle for paradise has begun.It's not war. It's survival.An adventure as big as life itself.Separated by War. Tested by Battle. Bound by Friendship.It was the greatest art heist in historyGordon never gives up.Every bloodline has a beginningOn November 6th our freedom is historyThis Summer A Star Falls. The Chase Begins.At the end of the world his real journey began.Vengeance ReturnsNo one breaks out alone."27,000 nuclear weapons. One is missing."It all begins ... With a choice.Superbad. Superdad."Ted is Coming, Again."Trust no one. Deceive everyone.Are you a patriot or a vampire?The trap is set.Fight the FutureThe mission is a man.For honor. For love. For redemption.He has the power to hear everything women are thinking. Finally... a man is listening.They came. They thawed. They conquered."With the moral courage and fierce determination to succeed, his choices will change the fate of generations to come."Welcome to the Real World."Houston, we have a problem."What's Christmas Fun without some Reindeer Games?Fight. Dream. Hope. Love.Someone you pass on the street may already be the love of your life.They grow up so fast.No one has seen his face... but everyone ... knows this mark.Leave Your Comfort ZoneSurvival. Resilience. Redemption.Space will never be the same.The height of adventure.Prepare to Go Ballistic.The world saw evil that day. Two men saw something else.kurdCruise. Kidman. Kubrick.It's a Hard Knock LifeNever Drop The Con.It's SPY Against SPYThe final hunt begins.The Ultimate Battle BeginsMischief. Mayhem. Soap.The Storm Awaits.Based on the best-selling novelHe's still evil... He's still deadly... and he's still surrounded by frickin' idiots!An adventure 65 million years in the making.The war of drugs would lead him to the war of power.When the Eagle meets the DragonBig things come in small packagesHeroes are ordinary men who do extraordinary things in extraordinary times.Why can't the most powerful man in the world have the one thing he wants most?No one comes up here without a damn good reason."Candy, chicks and rock 'n' roll.""Spartans, prepare for glory!"Misery loves family.Heel the love.Miracles do happen.A lot can happen on the road to nowhere."When it comes to saving the world, it helps to be a little chicken."You don't know what you've got 'til it's...He was the perfect weapon until he became the target.No limits. No fears. No substitutes.Go behind the lies.On the air. Unaware.The Power Is Real.Who's your daddy?"2 Guns, 1 Bank."Things Are Gonna Get Hairy!Get in. Get out. Get even.Over. Done. Finished. A comedy about love at last glance.Every ant has his day.It may be paradise... but it's no vacation.You can't stop the thunder.Same Big Family... Even Bigger Adventure.The Maze Was Just the Beginning.Let Yourself GOPlay or be Played.It started like any other night.Warrior. Legend. King.The Law Has Limits. He Does Not.Nothing spreads like fearBe careful what you wish for.We've Sensed It. We've Seen The Signs. Now... It's Happening."Creasy's art is death, and he is about to paint his masterpiece."They're the man."Two Dads, One Toy, No Prisoners."From the Dark Side to Our Side.It's all fun and games until someone raises the dead.How do you stop an assassin who has no identity?Remember the future.Last time he rocked the boat. This time the sky's the limit.The world's leaders have assembled. So have their enemies.It's already too late.Yesterday was about honor. Today is about justice.When troubles strikes friends stack togetherThe story of a nobody who saved everybody.No Names. No Badges. No Mercy.His people needed a leader. He gave them a champion.Something strange is coming to their planet...Us!They can't keep their hands off each others assets.The Ego has landed.Witness the beginning of a happy endingThe most lethal sniper in U.S. history.The stories are alive.It's a wonderful afterlife.The first was for himself. The second for his country. This time it's to save his friend.She's back...And she's bringing a few of her friends.Evil has its winning ways.You will believe.He Rides Again.Welcome to the infantry."The world will never be the same, once you've seen it through the eyes of Forrest Gump."Get your squeak on!First comes love. Then comes the interrogation.An American legend comes to life.You'll Believe a Man Can Fly!"Inside Sherman Klump, a party animal is about to break out."The cure for the common man.Forever hold your piece.Out here survival is everything.One ordinary couple. One little white lie.Get an afterlifeWhat do you see when you look at me?Danger runs deep.If Someone Took Everything You Live For... How Far Would You Go To Get It Back?Sex Is Power.She didn't believe in angels until she fell in love with one.Go for the kill.The bride is back for the final cut.In one small bottle... The fountain of youth. The secret of eternal life. The power of an ancient potion. Sometimes it works... sometimes it doesn't.Fasten your seat beltsThe battle for eternity is the fantasy of a lifetime.Hang On To Your NuggetsThe bitch is back.The Most Anticipated Motion Picture Event of The YearThe Adventure BeginsIt's A Plunderful Life"To find her son, she did what no one else dared."The classic musical comes to the big screen for the first time.Faster. Sharper. Deadlier.Seven names. Seven strangers. One secret.All the power on earth can't change destiny.Two's company. Dupree's a crowd.The Man of Steel meets his match!"Still the man, any questions?"Discover the Adventure Behind the Greatest Mystery of Our Time.No Laws. No Limits. One Rule. Never Fall In Love.Keep your enemies close.The System Must Pay.The true story of a real fake.The Greatest Manhunt in History. . . pick a side.Take a trip down the aisle you'll never forgetA Love Story. More or Less.Cousins. Outlaws. Thrillbillies.Every man fights his own war.No one stays at the top forever.From gentle to mental.The Next Chapter Begins.The greatest fairy tale never told.Fight for your fate."For the good of all men, and the love of one woman, he fought to uphold justice by breaking the law."Everybody loved him... Everybody disappeared.Ted is coming.A comedy from the heart that goes for the throat.Laughter is contagiousIt's kind of a big deal"Small town kid, big time right hook."It Arrives.She brought a small town to its feet and a huge corporation to its knees.One of them is lying. So is the other.They're not 21 anymoreDrink from me and live foreverOne Word Can Change Everything.Saving the world takes a little Hart and a big JohnsonChoose your DaddyBe careful what you wish for...It looked like the perfect bank robbery. But you can't judge a crime by its cover.No More Mr. Nice Guy.Where you are the endangered species.A True Zoo StoryKnowing is everything...The dead don't sleep.This Is StupidGet ready for frisky business.What are you really worth?This animal carries a deadly virus... and the greatest medical crisis in the world is about to happen.The hijacking was just the beginning.The race is onPeople should not be afraid of their governments. Governments should be afraid of their people....I'll never tell.Classic tale. New twist.Where do you go when you've gone too far?Three like him have already been killed‰Û_he is Number Four.Everything is connected.What do you get for the man who has everything?We've been expecting you.Save the best piece for last.Prepare to goYou're all going to die.Somewhere on this planet it must exist.Some People Get Into Trouble No Matter What They WEAR.Touched by death. Changed by life.No one gets away clean"The man with the hat is back. And this time, he's bringing his Dad."I am consciousness. I am alive. I am Chappie.Serial killer vs. forensic geniusIt's good to be King.It Ends HereThere's no such thing as free cable.Their turf. Their game. Their rules. They didn't count on HIS law...How do you get the man who has everything?This time he's fighting for his life.It's about finding the love of your life. And deciding what to do about it.A tough cop. A brilliant killer. An unspeakable crime.Resistance is futile.A medal for honor. A search for justice. A battle for truth.Trust me.Yabba-Dabba-Doo!First they took his daughter. Now they're coming for him.Great trilogies come in threes.Never Mess With An Agent In A Dress.Same Planet. Different World.It can take a lifetime to find true love; she's got 30 days!Two Supreme Court Justices have been assassinated. One lone law student has stumbled upon the truth. An investigative journalist wants her story. Everybody else wants her dead.A district attorney out for a conviction. A new lawyer out of her league. A young boy who knew too much.Find the joy.Not for honor. Not for country. For his wife and child.This relationship is going to be a real mother.Every moment matters."The only thing more dangerous than the line being crossed, is the cop who will cross it."No More Mercy. No More Shame. No More Sequels - Honest! - We Lied.They're closer than you think.Part Man. Part Vampire. All Hero."An ambitious lawyer, a desperate father, they had no reason to meet, until today,"When You Can't Breathe You Can't Scream.This party never ends.The ultimate romantic comedy.An epic presentation of miniature proportions.The government taught him to kill. Now he's using his skills to help a woman seek revenge against the Miami underworld.Don't leave Earth without it.The Extinction Is Coming..."Single Dad, No Clue. Single Mum, Flying Solo.""He knows no fear, he knows no danger, he knows nothing."One man. One mission. No chance.The movie was fake. The mission was real.A murdered wife. A one-armed man. An obsessed detective. The chase begins."It's a Job. It Isn't Personal. Well, Maybe a Little..."When friendship runs deeper than blood."What most people call hell, he calls home.""My God. Brother, what have you done?"Power can be murder to resist.They thought the streets were mean. Then they went back to high school.Can the most famous film star in the world fall for the man on the street?This ain't no chick flick. It's poultry in motion."For the most cautious man on Earth, life is about to get interesting."Action's never been so hot!His bad side is a dangerous place to be.One man's strength will unite an empire.Every moment is another chance.He Will Rock YouNot every gift is a blessing.Everyone Hustles To SurviveHere comes the bribe...Murder isn't always a crime."Roads? Where we're going, we don't need roads!"The average person uses 10% of their brain capacity. Imagine what she could do with 100%.Are you curious?3rd Mission. 3rd Dimension.Experience a time you'll never forget.Growing pains? They've got twelve of them!Based on True Acts of Courage"To achieve the incredible, you have to attempt the impossible."The next true story from the case files of Ed and Lorraine WarrenYou don't get to 500 million friends without making a few enemies.Are you the exception...or the rule?Bury the grudge. Burn the village.  See the saw.Someone has taken their love of trilogies one step too far.They've saved the best trip for last... But this time they may have gone too far.An education in incarceration.Love never dies.Based on Two True StoriesThe True Story Of An American LegendHow far would you go to become someone else?The Second Parts Are More Fools"The Most Amazing Story Of Survival, Friendship, And Adventure Ever Told."Experience never gets oldThe brothers-in-law are backThe extraordinary life story of Ray Charles.Walk down the right back alley in Sin City and you can find anything..."8 Strangers, 8 points of view.  1 Truth."Are You A Shallow Guy?The story that won‰Ûªt go away.The momma of all comedies is back!!!Love with the safety off.Who says you're only young once?The oddest friends are about to get evenRest In Pieces"In the shadow of war, one man showed the world what we stood for."Step out of the ordinaryTake Back Your LifeAre You Watching Closely?New Crime. Same Tools.No one can outrun their destiny.Licensed to thrill.Fear is RebornHow do you hold on to someone you've never met?Because someone is dead doesn't mean they're gone.Share the music with someone you love.Who's up for a close encounter?New Decade. New Rules.You can't prepare for where the truth will take you.A movie about a movie they don't want you to see.We all share a common destination.Nothing is more powerful than the human spirit.One person can change your life forever."The quieter the street, the darker the secrets...."Real love is forever.The future will be decided.Sometimes What You're Looking For Is Right Where You Left It.The battle of the sexes is on.Little Spies. Big AttitudesBoldly go.Life is the most spectacular show on earth.Vegas has a new high roller.Survival Is His RevengeProtect Your OwnYour legacy is more than a nameWelcome to the bank robbery capital of America.Intelligence is relative.Your adventure starts here.Welcome to the partyInspired by the amazing true story of Winter."When you can live forever, what do you live for?"Give a father no options and you leave him no choice.He's A Cop That's Not.#NAME?Sean Connery is James Bond 007You can only defeat it when you believe.Some guys just can't handle Vegas."I'm back, baby!"Have you ever danced with the devil in the pale moonlight?The magic is back again!Based on the extraordinary true storyReal spies...only smallerEver wish your boss was dead?Punishment Comes One Way or Another.Meet Andy Sachs. A million girls would kill to have her job. She's not one of them.The human adventure is just beginning.She's having the time of his lifeThere is nothing in the dark that isn't there in the light. Except fear.We All Know One."In love, there are no boundaries."Everything is suspect... Everyone is for sale... And nothing is what it seems.Our time is up.Enter The Mind Of A KillerSome friends come with a happy ending.New neighbors."Where her book ended, their story began."A secret experiment. A deadly virus. A fatal mistake.They're here.Time Is PowerThe fight to save the world is on!Music was his passion. Survival was his masterpiece."If you believe in love at first sight, you never stop looking."You'll Believe That Pigs Can Fly!Run - Remember - SurviveWelcome To A World Where Anything Is Possible.This FBI agent is going undercover... and he's concealing more than a weapon.One Step Can Change Your WorldThe Empire Falls...Behind the mystery lies a truth that will make you question everything you know."This holiday, discover your inner elf."Some things in life just can't be explained.Save the dateNothing ruins a party like the end of the world.Make Every Second Count"Of All the Lives He Changed, the One That Changed the Most Was His Own."Based on a true story.Outer space now belongs to 007.A perfect holiday without leaving home.What could go wrong?"The mob is tough, but it‰Ûªs nothing like show business.""If You Can't Be Famous, Be Infamous"Nature called. Look who answered.This Summer It's All About Sticking Together.Get ready for rush hourHistory is written by the winners.Invisible. Silent. Stolen.One quiet voice can ignite a revolution.Grab Life By The BallWeird Is RelativeNew animals. New adventures. Same hair.She rocks. She rules. She reigns.Don't get mad. Get everything.Seven deadly sins. Seven ways to die.You are not welcome here.Bigger. Better. More absorbent."We bury our sins, we wash them clean.""Beyond his silence, there is a past. Beyond her dreams, there is a feeling. Beyond hope, there is a memory. Beyond their journey, there is a love."New York's most powerful gangster is about to get in touch with his feelings. YOU try telling him his 50 minutes are up.Behind every great love is a great story.She's about to find the perfect fit.She has the best of both worlds...now she has to choose just one.After the Fall from Innocence the Legend begins.The story of a man ready to make a connection.Schmidt HappensCold body. Warm heart.A little pig goes a long way."Sometimes to keep the magic, you need to learn a few tricks.""You lose some, you get some."May the best bride win"For some, 13 feels like it was just yesterday. For Jenna, it was."A story of love lost and found.Has James Bond finally met his match?Something bunny is going on..."His life ended. Now, a new one will begin."Cheer 'til you're horse!Torn apart by betrayal. Separated by war. Bound by love.There's been a grave misunderstanding.Two Worlds. One Dream.The only way out is down.Addicted to one-night stands or dependent on one another?Always use condimentsWe're back pitchesLove is a burning thing.Wish granted!The Story of N.W.A.If adventure has a name... it must be Indiana Jones.The game is far from over.The Time Has Come.40 Stories. Twelve Terrorists. One Cop.This is a true story."When the undead rise, civilization will fall."His big day is her big problem.It's going to be legendary"No one comes close to James Bond, 007."They killed his wife ten years ago. There's still time to save her. Murder is forever... until now.You know it when you find itShut up. Kick ass.One day can change everything.A romance ahead of its time.James Bond‰Ûªs all time high.Save the due date."A tale of life, love, and letting go."The battle for peace has begun.They'll never get caught. They're on a mission from God.One ordinary couple. One little white lie.Not every conspiracy is a theory.Safety Never Takes A Holiday.Mondays are manic. Wednesdays are wild. And Fridays are about to get a little freaky."The longer you wait, the harder it gets"Love is the only inspiration."Go ahead, you tell him you didn't do your homework."Put this in your pipe and smoke it.The one night anything is possible."By his wounds, we were healed."She makes dinner. She does windows. She reads bedtime stories. She's a blessing... in disguise.A journey through understanding and fellowship.Ever come across somebody you shouldn't have messed with?They took his daughter.  He'll take their lives.Never let her out of your sight. Never let your guard down. Never fall in love."Whoever saves one life, saves the world entire."Change begins with a whisper.They came. They saw. They ran.Evil Will Battle EvilSome Thing Has Found UsThere are no clean getaways.Propose to this cop's sister? Rookie mistake.Health Warning: Adopting Bridget's lifestyle could seriously damage your health....and the world is still indulging!Bigger. Bolder. Blonder.Here come the grandparents.  There go the rules.Friendship has its benefits.This Ride Will Be The Death Of You."Close your eyes, but keep your mind wide open."Where will your imagination take you?"Come out, come out, whatever you are."You'll Learn To Love Her. Warts And All.Disaster has a passport.You say you want a revolution?Love brought them together. Will fate tear them apart?The key to saving the future can only be found in the past.It ain't over 'til it's over.Someone has taken their love of sequels one step too far."In the heart of suburbia, a hit man with heart has just moved in."The two lived thereThis place is so deadYou can mess with him. But don't mess with his water.The Adventure Continues...Whatcha gonna do?The only demons in room 1408 are those within you.A love that will last forever.Love Is In The Hair.What if your dad was Santa Claus?"Half his size, twice the trouble ... and she's moving in."The path of Francesca Johnson's future seems destined due to an unexpected fork in the road..."No driver's license, no credit cards, no passport, no access to her bank accounts in a foreign country ... She finds her identity stolen."UnderworldThe truth can be adjustedWatch For The SignsIndiana Jones - the new hero from the creators of JAWS and STAR WARS.He's up past his bedtime in the city that never sleeps.We are not alone."Everything he needed to know about life, she learned in prison."To enter the mind of a killer she must challenge the mind of a madman.You'll laugh. You'll cry. You'll hurl.Don't try this at homeJust when you thought it was safe to go back in the water...50% Warrior. 50% Lover. 100% Chihuahua.Based on the true case files of the Warrens24 hours. 350 miles. His girlfriend's kids. What could possibly go wrong?She hit the road. The road hit back.He just landed the gig of his life: 5th grade.Nothing In This World Has Prepared You For This.They're going deep undercover.The South Pacific ain't that terrific.The extraordinary true story of Solomon Northup#LiveBoldlyParty like a mother.The Classic ContinuesFeel the jungle beatIf You Want to be Understood...ListenSo many gangsters...so little time.The Fate Of The World Rests On The Courage Of One Warrior.Inside everyone is a frontier waiting to be discovered.She doesn't give an F.Deception is dangerous. Desire is deadly.Someone has taken their love of scary movies one step too far.He's the only kid ever to get into trouble before he was born.Welcome to the honeymoon from hell.The tunnel led Chihiro to a mysterious town...What happened over the next 28 days has never been explained.Family vs. FratFrom zero to hero.You're Only Young Once But For Josh It Might Just Last A Lifetime."Come to Kazakhstan, it's nice!"Don't judge a book by its hair color!What happened to Emily?"If it bleeds, we can kill it..."Welcome to girl world.or (The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance)Blue Moon. I used to know the words. Now they're all a jumble.The most powerful legend of all is back in a new adventure.Come and Get Some!It's not where you're from. It's where you're at.Assassin 47Mercy is for the WeakThis Time It's War"If you're going to bury the truth, make sure it stays buried."Fake Cops. Real Trouble.In search of wine. In search of women. In search of themselves.The Traps Come AliveGet pitch slapped.The most terrifying film you will ever experience.Lose your heart and come to your senses.He was their inspiration. He made their lives extraordinary."What the one doesn't have, the other is missing."The greatest college tradition of all.A Breath Of Fresh Vintage AirLife is the ultimate work of artNo one would take on his case... until one man was willing to take on the system.The Heat Is On!A Family Comedy Without the Family.What do you get when you cross a hopelessly straight starving actor with a dynamite red sequined dress? You get America's hottest new actress.Up there with the best of the best."A timeless story of strength, secrets and two warriors who would never surrender."Look closer.Find your voice.Only their mother can tell them apart.It's about life. It's about love. It's about us.The true enigma was the man who cracked the code.A Mother's Love is ForeverReal people. Real reactions. Real messed up.Our Leaders. Ourselves.What did they see?His Mind Changed Our World. Her Love Changed His.Back to the grind.My only love sprung from my only hate.Some legends will never be forgotten. Some wrongs can never be forgiven."What does it take to find a lost love? A. Money, B. Luck, C. Smarts, D. Destiny"A look that led to an evening. A mistake he'll regret...FOR THE REST OF HIS LIFE.Who knew it was so much fun to be a hooker?The world's favourite adventurer is back for more! much more!A story of innocence lost and courage found.One dream. Four Jamaicans. Twenty below zero.He's gonna break your heart.It's the BIGGEST. It's the BEST. It's BOND. And B-E-Y-O-N-D.Never CompromiseLove is a force of nature.Time to rock it from the Delta to the DMZ!Find out what's possible if you never give up."In the era of personal branding, the scariest possibility is that someone might be better at being you than you are."What was once in the deep is now in the shallows."Such minor changes, such huge consequences.""Something almost beyond comprehension is happening to a girl on this street, in this house... and a man has been sent for as a last resort. This man is The Exorcist."Don't go in the water.There's nothing like your first piece.Let the mind games begin.At the end of the universe lies the beginning of vengeance."He's the best there is! (Actually, he's the only one there is.)"Every Second Chance Begins With a First StepWhat are you capable of?Witness itOne Sick Love StoryThese two unlikely companions are on a journey to find her long lost son.Unlock the mystery"Don't get him wet, keep him out of bright light, and never feed him after midnight.""A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away..."This is Jason. He's a little worried about his grandpa."Turbulent were the times and fiery was the love story of Zhivago, his wife and the passionate, tender Lara."Every dream deserves a fighting chance.No options. No lies. No fear. No deals. Just keep talking.You Won't Believe How It EndsHe is afraid. He is alone. He is three million light years from home."Some people can never believe in themselves, until someone believes in them."Suffering? You Haven't Seen Anything Yet...Keep America greatThese two opposites attract... but EVERYONE'S trying to keep them apart!You think it is over...but the games have just begunIt never forgives. It never forgets.Share the journey. Share the laughter.This is how you dieSome secrets are too big to keep.You think you know who you are. You have no idea.You Only Live Twice...and Twice is the only way to live!In space no one can hear you scream.Look up!  Look down!  Look out!"Welcome to America, where one night a year, all crime Is legal."There's a little of him in all of us.Just because you are a character doesn't mean you have character.The happiest sound in all the world!A family on the verge of a breakdown"The funny, touching and totally irresistible story of a working relationship that became a 25-year friendship."A comedy about growing up... and the bumps along the way.The man who made 007 a household numberAn offer you can't refuse.When the dancer becomes the dance.Work all day. Work it all night.Roger Moore is James Bond.The man with the golden gun is ready to assassinate James Bond."Before the Conjuring, there was Annabelle."Grease is the wordThe first casualty of war is innocence.Controversy... what controversy?"Not that it matters, but most of it is true."It's supercalifragilisticexpialidocious!...all it takes is a little confidence.Oh Yes... There Will Be Blood.Monsters come in many forms.It Runs In The FamilyKeep telling yourself it's just a gameLife doesn't care if you're ready.It's closer than you thinkInside every one of us is a special talent waiting to come out. The trick is finding it.Love is here to stay... so is her family.No one loves you like your grandparents.What an Institution!Five good reasons to stay single."If he's crazy, what does that make you?"Keep an eye out for the funniest movie about growing up ever made!Everyone wants to be found.The greatest romance of all time!The year's most revealing comedy."In the harshest place on Earth, love finds a way."It was the Deltas against the rules... the rules lost!Everything he touches turns into excitement!In 2009 you demanded it. Nothing can prepare you for what's next.Never give a saga an even break!It's not the house that's haunted."The Happiest, Dopiest, Grumpiest, Sneeziest movie of the year."Live or die. Make your choice.His whole life was a million-to-one shot.No soul is safe.A great love story.Where were you in '62?The scariest movie of all time is a true story.What Happens When You Sleep?Get LuckyThe Maximum Force Of The Future